After London; Or, Wild England?by:Richard Jefferies
The Decameron, Volume II?by:Giovanni Boccaccio
Experimental Researches in Electricity, Volume 1?by:Michael Faraday
Uncle Silas: A Tale of Bartram-Haugh?by:Joseph Sheridan Le Fanu
The Poems of Giacomo Leopardi?by:Giacomo Leopardi
The Tragedies of Euripides, Volume I.?by:Euripides
Penrod?by:Booth Tarkington
The Further Adventures of Robinson Crusoe?by:Daniel Defoe
The Adventures of Roderick Random?by:T. Smollett
Joseph Andrews, Vol. 2?by:Henry Fielding
La Chartreuse De Parme (French)?by:Stendhal
The Adventures of Peregrine Pickle?by:T. Smollett
Zuleika Dobson; Or, An Oxford Love Story?by:Sir Max Beerbohm
The Tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark?by:William Shakespeare
Sult (Norwegian)?by:Knut Hamsun
De Decamerone van Boccaccio (Dutch)?by:Giovanni Boccaccio
Jacques le fataliste et son maître (French)?by:Denis Diderot
Don Quixote, Volume 1?by:Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra
Pride and Prejudice?by:Jane Austen
Gargantua and Pantagruel, Illustrated, Book 3?by:François Rabelais
Hamlet, Prinz von Dännemark (German)?by:William Shakespeare
Gargantua and Pantagruel, Illustrated, Book 2?by:François Rabelais
She?by:H. Rider Haggard
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?by:Lewis Carroll
Father Goriot?by:Honoré de Balzac
The History of Don Quixote, Volume 2, Complete?by:Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra
The Metamorphoses of Ovid, Books VIII-XV?by:Ovid
Joseph Andrews, Vol. 1?by:Henry Fielding
Translations of Shakuntala and Other Works?by:Kalidasa
Buddenbrooks: Verfall einer Familie (German)?by:Thomas Mann
The Diary of a Nobody?by:George Grossmith and Weedon Grossmith
An Old Babylonian Version of the Gilgamesh Epic?by:Morris Jastrow and Albert Tobias Clay
Martin Chuzzlewit?by:Charles Dickens
Madame Bovary (French)?by:Gustave Flaubert
A Sentimental Journey Through France and Italy?by:Laurence Sterne
Wieland; Or, The Transformation: An American Tale?by:Charles Brockden Brown
Captain Blood?by:Rafael Sabatini
The Canterbury Tales?by:Geoffrey Chaucer
The Decameron, Volume I?by:Giovanni Boccaccio
Nostromo: A Tale of the Seaboard?by:Joseph Conrad
Hamlet?by:William Shakespeare
Just William?by:Richmal Crompton
A Tale of a Tub?by:Jonathan Swift
Sult. English?by:Knut Hamsun
The Tragedy of King Lear?by:William Shakespeare
The Coming Race?by:Baron Edward Bulwer Lytton Lytton
A Voyage to Arcturus?by:David Lindsay
Herland?by:Charlotte Perkins Gilman
Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica (Latin)?by:Isaac Newton
Gargantua and Pantagruel?by:François Rabelais
Aeneis. English?by:Virgil
A Princess of Mars?by:Edgar Rice Burroughs
The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman?by:Laurence Sterne
Medea of Euripides?by:Euripides
Hamlet, Prince of Denmark?by:William Shakespeare
Plays of Sophocles: Oedipus the King; Oedipus at Colonus; Antigone?by:Sophocles
The Canterbury Tales, and Other Poems?by:Geoffrey Chaucer
The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare?by:G. K. Chesterton
The Scarlet Pimpernel?by:Baroness Emmuska Orczy Orczy
King Solomon's Mines?by:H. Rider Haggard
The Prisoner of Zenda?by:Anthony Hope
History of Tom Jones, a Foundling?by:Henry Fielding
Rasselas, Prince of Abyssinia?by:Samuel Johnson
Moby-Dick; or, The Whale?by:Herman Melville
Mertvye dushi. English?by:Nikolai Vasilevich Gogol
Lord Jim?by:Joseph Conrad
The Monk: A Romance?by:M. G. Lewis
The House of the Seven Gables?by:Nathaniel Hawthorne
Faust: Eine Tragödie [erster Teil] (German)?by:Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Sons and Lovers?by:D. H. Lawrence
Othello, the Moor of Venice?by:William Shakespeare
Leaves of Grass?by:Walt Whitman
The Decameron of Giovanni Boccaccio?by:Giovanni Boccaccio
Middlemarch?by:George Eliot
An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations?by:Adam Smith
Madame Bovary?by:Gustave Flaubert
Around the World in Eighty Days?by:Jules Verne
A Vindication of the Rights of Woman?by:Mary Wollstonecraft
The Wind in the Willows?by:Kenneth Grahame
The Island of Doctor Moreau?by:H. G. Wells
The Idiot?by:Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Faust [part 1]. Translated Into English in the Original Metres?by:Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The Red Badge of Courage: An Episode of the American Civil War?by:Stephen Crane
The History of Don Quixote, Volume 1, Complete?by:Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra
The Mysterious Stranger, and Other Stories?by:Mark Twain
The Metamorphoses of Ovid, Books I-VII?by:Ovid
Les trois mousquetaires. English?by:Alexandre Dumas
The Pickwick Papers?by:Charles Dickens
Black Beauty?by:Anna Sewell
Kidnapped?by:Robert Louis Stevenson
The Trial?by:Franz Kafka
Ivanhoe: A Romance?by:Walter Scott
Andersen's Fairy Tales?by:H. C. Andersen
The Possessed (The Devils)?by:Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Aeneis (Latin)?by:Virgil
Gargantua and Pantagruel, Illustrated, Book 1?by:François Rabelais
Something New?by:P. G. Wodehouse
Et dukkehjem. English?by:Henrik Ibsen
Erewhon; Or, Over the Range?by:Samuel Butler
Scaramouche: A Romance of the French Revolution?by:Rafael Sabatini
Faust: Der Tragödie erster Teil (German)?by:Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Faust — Part 1?by:Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The Expedition of Humphry Clinker?by:T. Smollett
Faust: Der Tragödie zweiter Teil (German)?by:Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Moby Dick; Or, The Whale?by:Herman Melville
Le rouge et le noir: chronique du XIXe siècle (French)?by:Stendhal
The Private Memoirs and Confessions of a Justified Sinner?by:James Hogg
On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection?by:Charles Darwin
Tono-Bungay?by:H. G. Wells
Voyage au centre de la terre. English?by:Jules Verne
The Magna Carta?by:Anonymous
Faust: a Tragedy [part 1], Translated from the German of Goethe?by:Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Sentimental Education; Or, The History of a Young Man. Volume 1?by:Gustave Flaubert
Piccadilly Jim?by:P. G. Wodehouse
The History of Don Quixote de la Mancha?by:Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn?by:Mark Twain
Great Expectations?by:Charles Dickens
Heart of Darkness?by:Joseph Conrad
The Turn of the Screw?by:Henry James
Treasure Island?by:Robert Louis Stevenson
The Call of the Wild?by:Jack London
War and Peace?by:graf Leo Tolstoy
Ulysses?by:James Joyce
Essays of Michel de Montaigne — Complete?by:Michel de Montaigne
Wuthering Heights?by:Emily Brontë
Prestuplenie i nakazanie. English?by:Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Don Quixote?by:Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra
The Brothers Karamazov?by:Fyodor Dostoyevsky
Candide?by:Voltaire
Three Men in a Boat (To Say Nothing of the Dog)?by:Jerome K. Jerome
Chaucer's Works, Volume 4 — The Canterbury Tales (Middle English)?by:Geoffrey Chaucer
Gulliver's Travels into Several Remote Nations of the World?by:Jonathan Swift
Anna Karenina?by:graf Leo Tolstoy
An Index of The Divine Comedy by Dante?by:Dante Alighieri
Through the Looking-Glass?by:Lewis Carroll
Don Quijote (Spanish)?by:Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra
King Lear?by:William Shakespeare
Bouvard et Pécuchet (French)?by:Gustave Flaubert
Hamlet. Esperanto (Esperanto)?by:William Shakespeare
L'ingénieux hidalgo Don Quichotte de la Manche - Tome I (French)?by:Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra
The Adventures of Ferdinand Count Fathom — Complete?by:T. Smollett
La Débâcle (French)?by:Émile Zola
Nora: Näytelmä kolmessa näytöksessä (Finnish)?by:Henrik Ibsen
Les possédés (French)?by:Fyodor Dostoyevsky
徬徨 (Chinese)?by:Xun Lu
Hamlet (French)?by:William Shakespeare
Hunger: Book One (Hebrew)?by:Knut Hamsun
Gargantua and Pantagruel, Illustrated, Book 5?by:François Rabelais
Hamlet. Greek (Greek)?by:William Shakespeare
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmarke?by:William Shakespeare
Dramatische werken (Dutch)?by:Henrik Ibsen
Faust I (Finnish)?by:Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Great expectations. French (French)?by:Charles Dickens
The Bible, King James version, Book 18: Job?by:Anonymous
The Story of Burnt Njal: The Great Icelandic Tribune, Jurist, and Counsellor?by:Unknown
L'ingénieux hidalgo Don Quichotte de la Manche - Tome II (French)?by:Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra
Puphejmo: Dramo en tri aktoj (Esperanto)?by:Henrik Ibsen
The Book of Job?by:Unknown
Nostromo?by:Joseph Conrad
King Lear. German (German)?by:William Shakespeare
The Tragedie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark?by:William Shakespeare
King Lear. Finnish (Finnish)?by:William Shakespeare
The World English Bible (WEB): Job?by:Anonymous
Bouvard and Pécuchet: A Tragi-comic Novel of Bourgeois Life, part 1?by:Gustave Flaubert
Gargantua and Pantagruel, Illustrated, Book 4?by:François Rabelais
Shakespeare's First Folio?by:William Shakespeare
The Story of Don Quixote?by:Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Clayton Edwards, and Arvid Paulson
The Metamorphoses of Publius Ovidus Naso in English blank verse Vols. I & II?by:Ovid
Don Quichot van La Mancha (Dutch)?by:Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra
The Unbearable Bassington?by:Saki
Hindu literature : Comprising The Book of good counsels, Nala and Damayanti, The Ramayana, and Sakoontala?by:Kalidasa, Valmiki, and Toru Dutt
Queen Lucia?by:E. F. Benson
L'ingénieux chevalier Don Quichotte de la Manche (French)?by:Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra
Gulliver's travels. French (French)?by:Jonathan Swift
Hamlet: Drama em cinco Actos (Portuguese)?by:William Shakespeare
Brewster's Millions?by:George Barr McCutcheon
Madame Bovary: A Tale of Provincial Life, Vol. 1 (of 2)?by:Gustave Flaubert
Frau Bovary (German)?by:Gustave Flaubert
Hamlet (Finnish)?by:William Shakespeare
Sakoontala; Or, The Lost Ring: An Indian Drama?by:Kalidasa
Barchester Towers?by:Anthony Trollope
Wit and Wisdom of Don Quixote?by:Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra
Moby Dick?by:Herman Melville
Education sentimentale. English?by:Gustave Flaubert